Updating messaging to match all Teleport protocols (#10768)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/enterprise/workflow/index.mdx

---

> title: Access Requests for Infrastructure access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Access Requests for Infrastructure Access
```

> title: Access Requests for SSH, Kubernetes, Databases, Desktops and Web Apps.

Reviewer: Same as above re: the title length

> title: Access Requests for SSH, Kubernetes, Databases, Desktops and Web Apps.

Author: ```suggestion
title: Access Requests for Infrastructure access
```

> description: Teleport allows users to request elevated privileges by requesting new roles from the CLI or UI.  Requests can be escalted via ChatOps or anywhere else via flexible Authorization Workflow API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Teleport allows users to request new roles with elevated privileges from the CLI or UI. Requests can be escalated via ChatOps or anywhere else via our flexible Authorization Workflow API.
```
Suggestion for tightening this up and fixing spelling

> description: Teleport allows users to request elevated privileges in the middle of their command-line sessions.  Requests can be escalted via ChatOps or anywhere else via flexible Authorization Workflow API.

Reviewer 2: You added desktops, but then only mention "command-line" sessions in the description, which isn't something you can do with desktop access.

Author: I made it more generic to apply to roles via the CLI or UI.
